docs(gen): init oneaccount (#5618)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/bare-metal/dedibox-scaleway-migration.mdx

macro: dedibox-scaleway-migration
---
<Message type="note">

>   Only users who **have completed** the linking of their the Dedibox account to the Scaleway console are granted access to the Dedibox section within the Scaleway console. **If you cannot locate the Dedibox link in Scaleway's console side menu, you can use the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net)** to place orders, manage your Dediboxes, and access the [related documentation](/dedibox/quickstart/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Only users who have linked their Dedibox account to the Scaleway console before XX Month XXXX can manage their resources from both consoles. If you did not complete this process, you can use the **[Dedibox console](https://console.online.net)** to place orders, manage your Dediboxes, and access the [related documentation](/dedibox/quickstart/).
```

Reviewer: I think it will be easier for us and users if we establish a date limit for the account linking. But feel free to ignore my suggestion. :)
